To instill rabid MQ on Mac OS Let's first search for rabbit MQ
and into results.
Let's just go to download and installation in the downloads section.
Let's select the Mac OS and we have couple of options here.
First one is homebrew.
There are a standalone and the generic Unix.
So the best option.
You should also use and I recommend is the homebrew option while depending on the system that you have
Hambro is the actually missing package manager for Mac OS.
So let's take a look at the web page of homebrew to learn more about it.
And as you can see it has the web page as Brue that SH The Homebrew.
As I said the missing package manager for Mac OS to install it.
All you have to do is just copy the script and run in your command line or a terminal in Mac OS and
after finishing with the homebrew installation.
Just go back to rabid MQ and follow the way with Brou.
As for doing that since I already have homebrew in my machine I'll just open up a terminal window and
I'll just follow the lines follow the guidelines from rabbit him Q So to do that all first update my
brew
and then I'm simply going to bruv install and rabid MQ
and rabbit MQ is being downloaded and installed.
All right I'll rub it in.
Q. installation on Mac OS is now complete.
So to check out Raben MQ management UI and to start with rabid MQ command line interface.
I'll be seeing you on the next with is.